`1 if you drive on a section of the California desert
You will hear a piece of music
It should sound like this:
(Rosini, "William Tell Overture")
However, it sounds like this.
Just now is the music road in Lancaster, California.
As you can hear, this sounds a bit out of tune.
This road has spent a lot of money to build
This is a publicity stunt of a car company.
I want to show off how smart they are.
The mathematical calculation in the calculation is really not very difficult
A note is the specific frequency of vibration in the air
These vibration frequencies can be synthesized by violin strings or by computer
Or in this case, the car tire hits the groove of the road and causes
The closer the grooves are, the faster the vibration and the higher the notes.
Therefore, the speed limit will be
Divide by the frequency of the note you want
This is the distance of each groove
If people are driving at the wrong speed, it should not be a real problem.
It will only speed up or slow down like any other music
Although it will go out of tune, it is still no problem for most people’s ears.
It won't sound like that road
So, what went wrong?
At this point, I want to thank David Simmons Dafen.
Assistant Professor of Physics at the California Institute of Technology
Proficient in quantum field theory and La Baroque violin
Because he, as far as I know
Is the first person to study what went wrong.
And the problem may be the language of English.
The person doing the calculation says that the grooves should be far apart
For example the first note (separated by four inches) (10 cm)
And they said there should be a groove every four inches.
However, the person who gave instructions to the construction staff said
The grooves should be four inches apart
This is interpreted as the groove tail is four inches from the other groove head.
They did not add the width of the groove itself
However, your ears absolutely contain those errors.
The highest note in The William Tell Overture
Should be one octave higher than the lowest pitch
This means that the frequency should be doubled
And the distance between the grooves should be halved
They are indeed. If you don't include the width of the groove itself.
This error means that each note is not only a small part of the distortion
Just like if you are driving at the wrong speed
But a constant quantity: the distance between the slot and the slot
The higher the note, the greater the impact, the more serious the tone
The result is that the second time you listened to the chaos
And the strangest part is...
This is the second music road built in Lancaster, California.
The first one was built by a car company because it was too close to the dwellings.
Residents often complain about continuous noise
Probably this note
So the city government paved it up and rebuilt it...
Take the exact, same, wrong blueprint.
This is once (number of shots)
Just there
And to celebrate, I plan to step on the throttle.
This is a recreational vehicle
It doesn't, uh... it didn't do it.